---
title: Educational Heritage UX Research
documentclass: article
fontsize: 12pt
mainfont: Roboto
geometry: [top=4cm, bottom=4cm, left=4cm, right=4cm]
---

KeepCoding UX - To be aware of the importance of a design minded development.

# Educational Heritage

Create didactic resources for teaching in a collaborative and simple way in minutes.

__[LegadoEducativo](http://legadoeducativo.org)__ helps you to find _Open Educational Resources_, a place full of content ready to use in your classroom.

Traditional textbooks are expensive. Have you try to use your own material?

Find suitable content is difficult. Our OER platform make it easy!

Producing material is a time consuming tasks. Create, share, collaborate. It has never been so quick!

# Customer Target

## Primary School Teacher

* Concerned about challenges facing public education.
* Follower of Student Centered Learning methods.
* Have some experience level with technology.
* Using Pinterest as main application for share this kind of resources.
* Only uses the platform proposed by the government educa.madrid.org when it is forced to do so.
* Look with admiration and envy at the job done by other countries much more advanced in these issues.

# Minimum Viable Product User Stories

### As a user, I want to get informed about what problem solves to decide if I will register

Summer is over and a new school year will begin. Schools are preparing the list of books to be used this year.  Parents are angry again because they know what is coming to them. It is imposible for many. Does not matter, state subsidies are here to solve it...

Our teacher is worried about that and knows how it is done in another countries. Then she remembers the email that a collage sent her few time ago about something new.

After click on the link, she arrives our landing page.

Our Unique Value Proposition is the first thing that she can see. Next to it there is a field text and a Call To Action inviting her to joing our community leaving us only her email. We must build trust, make it clear that it will not be used for spam.

Still suspicious, want to know more and start scrolling. Time to show our main benefits... now the social proof... blah, blah, blah... thoughts of "always the same" begin to haunt her head, "they only want your email to sell you something"... "mmm, wait a second, something new", our last Call To Action. We are going to let her use all our platform without registering. We will have time to remind her to register if she wants to store something.

### As a user, I want several search filters to find what I looking for or to get inspired

The explore button in header landing pake takes her to an infinite scroll of resources with same style as Pinteres, but this is amazing! she only see teaching oriented resources.

Scrolling up and down, gives her an idea of the amount of resources that exist and begins to feel that she is not going to find what he is looking for. The tags based filtering in header is useful and appropiate when you look for a specific resource but now she has to decide whether to replace a textbook with this. And it is now when she realizes that there are a few options in the menu or sliding right and left on the mobile.

Search result changes to show first some collections of resources grouped by theme and a little more latter collections grouped by subject and year. Perfect! Tha was what she need.

### As a user, I want to know more about a resource in order to decide what action perform

Wow, something interesting. A full screen is open showing all resource details when one of them is clicked.

There are 3 main actions that she could take in this page: 

* save, to make her own customizations
* star, to say she likes it
* comment, to leave some words

### As a user, I want to create a new public resource to share my own resources

The save button allows her to store resources that could be useful and that will be accesible from a section in the header menu.

But sometimes there is no resource that satisfy her needs and she could devide to create her own resources. A step by step guide to introduce all data could be interesting for newer clients, with an extra step to upload a resource file created with her own tools.

### As a user, I want to create a new private resource to no one can access sensitive data

Privacy by default. Something is not published without consent.

### As a user, I want to login into the application so that all my data stored will be accesible

Avoid social network login. Associate accounts in profile.

Remember me by default. logout to close session.

Forgot password when something is wrong.

### As a user, I want to register into the platform so that I can store all data generated by me

Minimum information needed, only email is needed to register. Research about dinamyc password generators.

# Conclusion

* Design for users
* Data driven approach for accurate design
* KISS principle

